Adding influxDB videos for season 7 (#4457)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/resources/videos/Intro-to-InfluxDB-Native-Collector.md

---
title: Intro to InfluxDB Native Collector
description: >

>   InfluxDB Native Collector allows users to set up direct, cloud-to-cloud connections between web services and InfluxDB to accelerate data collection. Here, Gary Fowler discusses the basics of the Native Collector feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  InfluxDB Native Collector lets you set up direct, cloud-to-cloud connections between web services and InfluxDB to accelerate data collection. Here, Gary Fowler discusses the basics of the Native Collector feature.
```
